clarifying precise (#51323)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_navigation/index.md

Code navigation is made up of multiple features that build on top of each other:

> - [Search-based code navigation](explanations/search_based_code_navigation.md) works out of the box with all of the most popular programming languages, powered by Sourcegraph's code search. Our default search-based code navigation uses `ctags` for fast, performant searches across large code bases.

Reviewer: do we use anything other than ctags?  i'm trying to remember if we use any additional heuristics.  we might want to double check this.

Reviewer 2: We also have a tree-sitter based heuristic layer we call Squirrel, and we'll be replacing ctags with tree-sitter under the hood this quarter.

Might be better not to name the technology here and just say that it uses syntactic-level heuristics (no language-level semantics information though).

> - [Precise code navigation](explanations/precise_code_navigation.md) powers our code graph by providing users with extremely precise and accurate cross-repository* compile-time information. This means you'll get an accurate view of all symbols and where they are used across your code base.

Reviewer: maybe?
"... powers our code graph by using compile-time information to provide users with an extremely precise and accurate cross-repository* experience"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Precise code navigation](explanations/precise_code_navigation.md) powers our code graph by using compile-time information to provide users with an extremely precise and accurate cross-repository experience. This means you'll get an accurate view of all symbols and where they are used across your code base.
```

Is the `*` in `cross-repository*` on purpose?

Author: Yes because cross-repo isn't true for all languages, right? Is there a better way to state this without spending too much on it?

Reviewer 2: It's supported for any language with a SCIP indexer (but some better than others, C++ is a hard one since everything is basically a header file _somewhere_).

Markdown also supports footnotes. If you want to keep the asterisk around, I'd at least mention the reason for it (it wasn't clear to me that it was because it wasn't available over all languages).

> Precise code navigation requires language-specific indexers to be generated and uploaded to your instance. We currently have precise code navigation support for the languages below. See the [indexers page](references/indexers.md) for a detailed breakdown of each indexer's status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Precise code navigation requires precise code indexes to be generated and uploaded to your instance. The toosl generating these indexes are language-specific, as each language has unique tooling and ecosystem. We currently have precise code navigation support for the languages below. See the [indexers page](references/indexers.md) for a detailed breakdown of each indexer's status.
```

Author: @efritz thanks for the review and help here! "Precise code navigation requires precise code indexes to be generated and uploaded to your instance." This seems redundant to say "precise code" twice in the same sentence. Is there another way to state what you're trying to get across?

Reviewer 2: Yup, updated suggestion!
